the slightest
Allison how you doing you know that is a
great excuse talking that girl I don't
know she's bright good-looking
fun to be around she's also running
against you for student council
president if I were you thankfully for
student council you're not Kirk I'm
gonna let that go cuz I can see by the
way you're dressed you're suffering now
I'm Tracy presidential it's strategy so
was Watergate look Allison is a tough
opponent does your campaign manager I
strongly urge you to concentrate on her
bad point I mean I'm sure she's been
involved in some scandal at least know
someone else I'm touched by your
commitment but I don't think I'm gonna
go that route you know plunge that's
what I like about you your honest
politics
a lot of the gym equipment needs repair
what are you doing here
ah hi yeah and you if I didn't know
better I'd say that you were here trying
to get some information on my campaign
me Andrew Clements who whose honesty is
policy I mean whose policy is honesty
I'd get that slogan in shape with a
rally affair
the Clemens family a video diary by
Aaron Clemens they have phones right on
the beach
here's my mom talking on the phone and
they bring drinks right to your lounge
chair sounds great
I wish I could be there to denieth oh
you bet you have a great time I love you
too bye Deniz Robert rains so how does
it feel to have turned down an exciting
vacation in Tahiti that's great
good emotion funny I'm not really in the
mood for this mum I promised my class an
exciting video diary of my family and so
far all I've got is Andrew making a
boring campaign speech and you bummed
out cuz you have to stay home with your
kids instead of going to the tropics to
party your face off Aaron I've never
bummed to be home with you and Andrew
little adventure would be nice sometime
but it's no big deal
boy you are bummed as president of your
student council I promise to work big
mistake to get focused on this stuff if
we rented you from making a bond with
your audience spontaneity the counts
spontaneity I'll try to rehearse it
scoff if you like but in politics its
personality that counts for example
no students in these critical times when
the world is on a collision course with
a big foot truck you need someone to
lead you out of the wilderness of
despair the quagmire of indecision the
seething cesspool of crummy government I
am that beacon of light when all else is
dark
I am the Curt stirrer
you're good at that I know I guess
you're right
I could loosen up a bit be a little more
like me it'll be fine
losing the suit on nothing I'm just
tightening an elbow joint under my sink
while my ex-friend Denis is tightening
her hold on a pina colada
under the Tahitian Sun why didn't you go
sure take time off work and leave my
kids just like that huh I would have
watched the kids then see I don't even
have the nerve to do that I'm such a
wimp Stephanie you're not a wimp yes I
am Susan would never have passed up a
trip to Tahiti Susan Oh
Madonna's character and desperately
seeking Susan it was on TV last night
did you see it no I missed it who was up
against Shamu the whale the real story
sue that's so inspiring you know she's
so impulsive she does what she wants she
never wimps out I wish I was more like
her Stephanie yeah I think you're
terrific the way you are thanks a lot
look I'm open to any suggestions well
there are lots of things you can do like
what hypnosis I mean like when you get
up on a stage and some guy makes you
walk like a chicken and bark like a dog
you think that'll help me I'm serious
properly placed posthypnotic suggestion
can lead to behavioral adjustments it's
been known to change lives so sign me up
I can't do it Kirk I just can't string
them along with a phony line of rhetoric
I've got to do it my way
Sinatra good work no no I'm gonna tell
them how I feel I want to say get
involved get involved become part of
your future we can change the school we
can change ourselves we can change the
world but we've got to become involved
but it all starts with your vote well
that sounds great
where'd you get it yeah but it's the way
I feel get out of town really honest
it's interesting you know it just might
work it's worth a shot
it sounds pretty good sometimes I wish I
could think a little more like me if you
ever tell anyone your dried cheddar
let's grab some grub
I want your mind Google blank just watch
the leg their eyes are getting heavy
yellow
beautiful eyes are getting heavy you're
relaxed you are gently gently slipping
deeper and deeper into relaxation
you are at peace
I want you to envision yourself with the
traits of the person you most admire and
when I snap my fingers you will awaken
with those traits
I also how you doing inspiring
what about me huh why don't you get some
drinks for my staff I just can't live on
my charm alone although that may be
tempting right here this will be the
last in a dismal short series of
installments entitled the Clemens family
a portrait in still life cheesy mom you
look thanks dude listen I gotta split
aren't you taking me to school they only
gave me the morning to edit my video
project take the whole day off alright
you know live a little okay
Andrew Clements if there's one thing I
am it's hot you know right where the
drinks the machine was empty and and
what never mind
do you know what they say if you want
something done right you gotta do it
yourself
where have you been I've been worried
sick Oh lighten up kiddo shopping I
called there well then I went to the
beach club I called there too
where's the car with the shop I'm
thinking I'm having a bigger engine put
in I mean come on
ours is a slug I also want to get it
painted too pink pink I knew you'd like
it
and who is that weird guy that's wrong
I met him hitchhiking I thought you said
you'd never pick up strangers I don't I
was the one who was filming anyway
Raoul's Oh stranger he's an artist
yo Raul bring it over
what is it take a guess
garbage what a cuter that's me
tell her what you called it Raul I call
it stay fun wait an imagination you've
got there ow
well listen my mom has something she's
got to do so she can play with you later
Joe mom your office called 13 times you
missed an appointment with mr. Carlson
and your boss is furious Oh cares that
mr. Carlson is a luckily I told him if
he was serious about buying the house to
call me I don't want to waste my sight
are you in there come on we gotta jog
your memory
and I propose we take a leadership
position in the fight against global
warming
let's start by banning all CFC
containing products on this campus to
the outside world we wanted bigger say
in our own future so remember on
Wednesday boathouse and Richie maybe
this will bring back - so you see that
guy up there you remember him well of
course I do
come on now let me really hear you I
can't hear you how you doing out there
now the fact that my opponent has been
involved with vote fraud dating back to
preschool is not what I want to talk
about I'm here to discuss the issues
education you want it I want it how to
make it a good time the answer music you
get the picture
I'd say it's still anybody's race
presidents looking good mo m the
elections not over
Stephanie Wow like it huh how much money
you got what do you what do you mean I
mean vacation Tahiti
Aruba real the world's our playground
you want to go on a trip with me oh it
doesn't take a rocket scientist to
figure out that you're a man and I'm a
woman let's do it mrs. Clemens hello dr.
Jay are you today and Kirk said you owe
dr. Jay
mrs. Clemens we have to do something
about your son what's wrong with my son
he saw me talking to Allison today and
he thought I went over the other side he
fired me as his campaign manager I hope
this doesn't mean you're not gonna vote
for him dr. Jay we've gotta talk
come on
you ain't seen nothing yet
oh I really did it this time
Oh hypnotism wait dr. J do you think you
could turn me into Paula Abdul when I
snap my fingers you will return to your
own natural behavior whoa I am either
dead or I got a job
what is this hideous thing I'll give you
a hint
I call it Stephanie Kirk where's Andrew
what do I look like his babysitter don't
tempt me
and Ruth could I see you in my lab
please now busy what do you say a five
bucks forty Andrew I do not negotiate
tender thirty five fifteen thirty twenty
twenty-five twenty to fifty cash deal
Andrew I want you to sit right here and
you gotta catch me first
Andrew get down why don't you come up
here never vote in a man's lab enjoy it
doc this is the only truly amazing thing
you ever invented you change signs
forever when you zapped me now it's time
to flaunt it doc we could score some
serious coin and public appearances come
to think of it I can make more money
with less work by just blackmailing you
I mean you did tamper with the
metabolism of a trusting child you broke
into my house unannounced and spoiled an
important experiment that's breaking and
entering now get down off the ceiling
before I have you arrested
thank you sit down now just relax and
listen to the sound of my voice Alison
congratulations on winning um I'm sorry
about what happened it's a little
complicated to explain it but the short
version is I don't feel right about
taking off this under the circumstances
you mean because you're a total jerk
yeah and I'm going to infuse a job of
student council president well that's a
very noble thing to do yeah I know
glad all this political stuff is behind
us it uh kind of got in the way over
I was just wondering maybe sometime you
know I could I don't think so you see
I've met someone in real sweet
he's been very supportive of me
throughout hey Ali
I give it a day
andrew is your mother around what do I
look like our babysitter not shirt back
does it come in men's who acts it's me
I'm kidding hi everybody hey mom guess
what I got an a on my video project my
teacher said it was quote compelling and
unpredictable unquote that's great yeah
except mom she said she wants to see you
for a little parent-teacher conference
she looked kind of worried it's probably
that bungee cord jump so Andrew tells me
you have some big news I do oh man I owe
it all to you too it seems when I was my
other self
I told looky-loo Carlson to get lost
well I guess that kind of shook him up
because after three years of looking he
finally put an offer in on a house super
well I I guess that means it's time to
take a little vacation you're right Ben
I deserve a vacation and I'm gonna take
it so what do you think of that all
right a vacation that's great mom where
we going the mother and I have made
other plans
I'm sure the kids won't be any trouble
while I'm gone